ELTUSA

Friday night.12’o clock. William, Elizabeth, Hussein and Virej were about to enter the fearsome and merciless world of ELTUSA...
Eltusa was a word that was forbidden in Ejintham since the 368th century. They said, it bought evil into the world.
The 400th century was just 17 ‘Ejintham days’ away. It was going to be celebration for most but as per the rumours, some feared that Ejintham would collide into Eltusa  (Ejintham’s neighbouring planet)  on new year’s eve.
The SOOE (SPACE ORGANISATION OF EJINTHAM), promised to send four astroagents also known as the MOSA’s (Ministers of space affairs) to Eltusa to investigate the rumours.

Meanwhile on planet Earth...
NASA had been working hard for thirty three years to build what was called  ‘super turbo’; a forty five million horse power space craft that could reach to the moon in 0.75 seconds. NASA also announced that this would not be used for transportation to peoples homes on the moon. Instead it will be used to discover far away Planets, Stars and Galaxies.
It was only 15 more days before Super turbo would go to explore Saturn and the MOSA’s would go to ELTUSA. This was going to be the biggest and most dangerous mission for the MOSA’s. People on Ejintham were terrified as they saw the enormous, black, wrathful orb gliding towards them at slow pace. The disastrous sphere carried a heinous odour with it. There were vivid fumes raging out of the planetoid. The ‘ancient ones’ of Ejintham said that Eltusa was furious and thirsty for more power. The beautiful orange and pink skies of Ejintham had turned into dark red and black skies. The feldspar caves, emerald flowers, pink pearl stars and even the topaz rainfall had been shattered and turned into tiny particles of francium. The bees started dying because of not having any emerald for their hive. Within a day or two, people started dying because of not having enough water because of the lack of ruby rainfall. Two more days for the MOSA’s and NASA before they would brace themselves, ready for take-off.

Eltusa wouldn't stop gliding towards Ejintham with the stinky odour ,the skies of Ejintham wouldn't  stop getting darker and the climate wouldn't stop getting frostier. Green had turned to white and blue had turned to ice. The red-black orb was the conqueror of them all; It was the King of the stars, asteroids and planets. 
The countdown began as the day began. 10 ,9 ,8 ,7 ,6 ,5 ,4 ,3 ,2 and..... Blast off! At least that’s what the MOSA’s wished they could say... The Astroagent suits had gone missing. It wasn't long before the gliding sphere caught flames and took speed; it almost looked like a shooting star way up in the sky, except for the fact that it didn't look magnificent at all. It was monstrous! Suddenly, right in mid-air, an angel like thing hit it. It drifted out of place like an iceberg. Within a second, it was as if it had disappeared into thin air. The white turned back to green and the ice turned back to blue within a split second. The astroagent suits dropped from the pink sky directly on the MOSA’s backs like backpacks- in a state worse than-broken.
Everyone wondered what the miraculous creature was or where it might have come from and why it saved us?

Issue #2


ELTUSA


‘We knew it!’ Exclaimed the ancient ones joyfully.They claimed to have met ‘it’ before. ‘It was sub-stronomy.’
They said it was a space organisation from another world. Sub-stronomy had technology which gave them access to travel 40 times faster than light. They also said that the sub-stronomy team had travelled through more galaxies than they could ever even imagine. ‘We paid them a visit last emerald blossom season. They had promised to visit us too! Guess they came at the perfect time.’ the ancient one said.
The next day, was the day that probably no one had imagined they would see. It was the 400th century! There were kids having candy floss, parents having ice-cream and teens having chocolate. It was CELEBRATION TIME!
ELTUSA was no longer a forbidden word!
The streets were covered with balloons, emerald nurseries, chocolate stores, gum markets and even plastic models of Eltusa. There were fun-fairs everywhere! There was an Ejintham I (eye) and there were lots more for rides like: virtual reality rooms, Grand water slides, Ginormous remote controlled puppets of Dragons, Lions, Monkeys and flying puppets of Eagles, Vultures and many more. There was also a ‘TRIP TO ELTUSA’, which caught a lot of peoples attention. There was a dome made from what looked like scraps of metal and was covered in black and red paint. What really gave it the effect of being real was the smoke coming out from the sides of it as well as an illusion that made it look like it was floating and wasn't on the ground.
Ejintham was a lively, delighted and merry place once again!
